Turnstile: Add pre-clearance changelog and update csp for it (#12291)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/turnstile/frequently-asked-questions.md

{{<faq-answer>}}

The HTTP Content-Security-Policy response header allows website administrators to control resources the user agent is allowed to load for a given page.

> For specifics regarding Turnstile, see the [Content Security Policy](/turnstile/reference/content-security-policy/) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For specifics regarding Turnstile, refer to the [Content Security Policy](/turnstile/reference/content-security-policy/).
```
